Page 1:
  
 
 
 
Annex A: List of MOUs signed at the 3rd SCI JIC Meeting  
Digital Trade  
Title of MOU  Description of MOU   
Protocol to the Memorandum 
of Understanding Between the 
Infocomm Media Development 
Authority (IMDA) and the 
Commerce Bureau of Shenzhen 
Municipality Concerning 
Cooperation in the Paperless 
Cross -Border Trade and Trade 
Financing  
 Building on the MOU signed in June 2020, IMDA and the 
Commerce Bureau of Shenzhen Municipality have agreed to 
continue partnering to facilitate the recognition of 
electronic Bills of Lading (eBLs) that are enabled by the 
TradeTrust framework.  
With the agreement, participating comme rcial entities will 
aim to implement pilots with commercial live use cases to 
facilitate cross -border trade between Singapore  and China . 
 
 
Innovation and Entrepreneurship  
Title of MOU  Description of MOU  
Memorandum of Intent 
between Infocomm Media 
Development Authority (IMDA) 
and TusStar (Beijing) Science 
and Technology Enterprise 
Incubator Co., Ltd.  
 
 The IMDA -TusStar collaboration seeks to support the 
development of Singapore’s and China’s technology s tart-up 
ecosystem through bilateral facilitation to aid companies 
landing in each other’s countries.  
Technology start -ups in the field of infocomm and media 
from both countries will be able to tap on initial market 
sensing advisory support, and networking opportunities 
when setting up in -country operations in each other’s 
technology ecosystems.  
 
Memorandum of 
Understanding for Technology 
& Innovation Cooperation 
between Enterprise Singapore 
(EnterpriseSG) and Science, 
Technology  and Innovation 
Commission of Shenzhen 
Municipality (SZSTIC)  
 EnterpriseSG and STIC will establish a Singapore -Shenzhen  
joint project funding programme that will catalyse and 
support greater collaboration in innovation projects 
between Singapore  and Shenzhen  enterprises.  
 
Memorandum of 
Understanding between Strides 
Digital Pte. Ltd and DST Electric Strides Digital Pte. Ltd and DST Electric Vehicle Rental 
(Shenzhen) Co., Limited (DST) formed a joint venture electric 
mobility service comp any, EVCo, in 2022. This collaboration 

Footnotes:
1:4

Page 2:
  
 
 
Vehicle Rental (Shenzhen) Co., 
Ltd.  
 focuses on the development of deep learning models for 
electric vehicle management platform.   
Memorandum of 
Understanding between NUS -
Advanced Membrane Lab (NUS) 
and CIMC Offshore Co., Ltd  
 The NUS and CIMC Offshore Co., Ltd. will jointly develop a 
means of capturing carbon dioxide emissions from ships 
based on membrane technology. This will invol ve designing 
and manufacturing a modularised Carbon Dioxide capture 
and storage (CCS) facility, with shipment decarbonisation as 
a goal.  
Memorandum of 
Understanding between 
National University of 
Singapore (NUS) and Tsinghua 
Shenzhen International 
Gradua te School  
 The NUS and Shenzhen International Graduate School of 
Tsinghua University will advance research in the field of 
hydrate -based Carbon  Dioxide  capture and  storage (CCS) in 
the offshore marine environment. Both parties aim to 
incorporate AI methods  and advance neural networks models 
to develop  and validate  state -of-the-art Carbon Dioxide 
capture and sequestration technology  based on gas 
hydrates  for decarbonisation.  
 
Memorandum of Strategic 
Cooperation between Yanlord 
Shenzhen Investment Industry 
Co. (Yanlord Group, Singapore) 
and Shenzhen HopeRun 
Information Technology Co. 
(belongs to Jiangsu HopeRun 
Technology Investment Group 
Co., Ltd)  
 Yanlord Group, Singapore and Shenzhen HopeRun 
Information Technology Co. will embark on the joint 
development of a smart park business cooperation project 
of Yanlord Eco -Tech City, a project in Longgang Huilongpu, 
Shenzhen.  
 
Cross -border Dispute Resolution  
Title of MOU  Description of MOU  
Singapore International Mediation 
Centre (SIMC) – Shenzhen Court 
of International Arbitration (SCIA) 
Mediation -Arbitration Protocol  This agreement extends the collaboration between SIMC 
and SCIA to provide businesses with ease of acc ess to 
market opportunities in the Guangdong -Hong Kong -Macao 
Greater Bay Area and Southeast Asia, through the 
establishment of a joint mediation -arbitration approach.  
 
 
  

Footnotes:
1:5

