Page 1:
Annex

MOU on "Demonstration City for Water Resources Management"

PUB and the Eco-city Administrative Committee (ECAC) will collaborate on the following areas to develop the Eco-city into a Demonstration City for Water Resources Management:

i. An Integrated Water Management Plan to ensure a robust and sustainable water supply for the Eco-City;

ii. Knowledge exchange on Singapore's Active, Beautiful, Clean Waters (ABC Waters) program; and

iii. Encouraging partnerships between Singapore-based/Chinese companies and the ECAC.

MOU on medical health collaboration

SingHealth will be providing consultancy advice and training to assist in the implementation of patient-centric integrated healthcare in the Eco-city's hospital and community healthcare facilities. SingHealth and the Eco-city may also jointly organize or participate in conferences, courses, workshops, exhibitions, and other related events. Prior to the signing of the MOU, SingHealth had conducted a three-day nursing workshop for 140 nurses in the Eco-city, in preparation for the opening of the new hospital in the Eco-city in September 2016.

Strategic framework agreement on implementation of Smart City Master Plan

The Singapore Cooperation Enterprise (SCE) and the ECAC will review and revise the Eco-city's Smart City Master Plan for it to remain relevant to the Eco-city's development and be in sync with the latest technologies, trends, and policies; to enhance the Eco-city's and ECAC's ICT capability through establishing a Chief Information Officer structure, providing mentorship, advisory services, and organizing training; and to promote the industrial development in the Eco-city through establishing a Smart City industry cluster.

MOU on R&D collaboration

The National University of Singapore (NUS) and TusStar will jointly develop an R&D and commercialization platform. Under the MOU, the NUS Environmental Research Institute (NERI) and TusStar will work together to further develop NERI's innovative environment and water-related technologies for commercialization opportunities in China and the region. The Eco-city will be a platform to incubate, test-bed, pilot, and scale up NERI's made-in-Singapore technologies.
Page 2:
MOU on digital media collaborations

The Multi-Platform Game Innovation Centre (MAGIC) at the Nanyang Technological University of Singapore (NTU) and China's National Animation Industry Park (NAIP) plan to jointly establish an Animation Technology Research and Development Centre in NAIP. The new R&D centre will focus on innovation in fields such as film and television animation, artificial intelligence for entertainment, motion capture, cloud games, and animation rendering. NTU's MAGIC and NAIP will also jointly explore developing original animated films or handle production work outsourced from other animated film projects. They will also explore collaborations in technical and hands-on training, and knowledge exchange through conferences and other events. MAGIC is supported by the National Research Foundation, Prime Minister's Office, Singapore under its Interactive Digital Media Futures Funding Initiative.
