Page 1:
Annex  
 
MOU on “Demonstration City for Water Resources Management”  
 
 PUB and the Eco -city Administrative Committee (ECAC) will collaborate on 
the following areas to develop the Eco -city into a Demonstration City for Water 
Resources Management:  
 
i. an Integrated Water Management Plan to ensure a robust and sustainable 
water supply for the Eco -City; 
 
ii. knowledge exchange on Singapore’s Active, Beautiful, Clean Waters (ABC 
Waters) programme; and  
 
iii. encouraging partnerships between Singapore -based / Chinese companies 
and the ECAC.  
 
 
MOU on medical health collaboration  
 
SingHealth will be providing consultancy advice and training to assist in the 
implementation of patient -centric integrated healthcare in the Eco -city’s hospital and 
community healthcare facilities. SingHealth and the Eco -city may also jointly 
organise or participate in conferences, co urses, workshops, exhibitions and other 
related events. Prior to the signing of the MOU, SingHealth had conducted a three -
day nursing workshop for 140 nurses in the Eco -city, in preparation for the opening 
of the new hospital in the Eco -city in September 2 016. 
 
 
Strategic framework agreement on implementation of Smart City Master Plan  
 
The Singapore Cooperation Enterprise (SCE) and the ECAC will review and 
revise the Eco -city’s Smart City Master Plan for it to remain relevant to Eco -city’s 
development and be in sync with the latest technologies, trends and policies; to 
enhance the Eco -city’s and ECAC’s ICT capability through establishing a Chief 
Information Officer structure, providing mentorship, advisory services and organising 
training; and to promote th e industrial development in the Eco -city through 
establishing a Smart City industry cluster.  
 
 
 
MOU on R&D collaboration  
 
 The National University of Singapore (NUS) and TusStar will jointly develop 
an R&D and commercialisation platform. Under the MOU, the  NUS Environmental 
Research Institute (NERI) and TusStar will work together to further develop NERI’s 
innovative environment and water -related technologies for commercialisation 
opportunities in China and the region. The Eco -city will be a platform to incu bate, 
test-bed, pilot and scale up NERI’s made -in-Singapore technologies.    
 

Page 2:
 
MOU on digital media collaborations  
 
The Multi -plAtform Game Innovation Centre (MAGIC) at the Nanyang 
Technological University of Singapore (NTU) and China's National Animation 
Industry Park (NAIP) plan to jointly establish an Animation Technology Research and 
Development Centre in NAIP. The new R&D centre will focus on innovation in fields 
such as film and television animation, artificial intelligence for entertainment, motion 
capture, cloud games and animation rendering. NTU’s MAGIC and NAIP will also 
jointly explore developing original animated films or handle production work 
outsourced from other animated film projects. They will also explore collaborations in 
technical and han ds-on training, and knowledge exchange through conferences and 
other events. MAGIC is supported by the National Research Foundation, Prime 
Minister’s Office, Singapore under its Interactive Digital Media Futures Funding 
Initiative.  
 
 
.    .    .    .    .  
 
 

