Page 1:
 
TriTech
 TRITECH GROUP LIMITED  
 
 
(Company Registration No.: 200809330R)   
  
MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING  
 
The Board of Directors of Tritech Group Limited (the “ Company ”) wishes to announce that the 
Company has on 21 November 2008  (the “Effective Date ”) entered into a non -binding memorandum 
of understanding (“MOU ”) with the National  University of Singapore ( “NUS ”), whereby the parties 
agreed , inter alia,  to:-  
 
(i) collaborate in research  in the areas of engineering, environment, water and material science; 
and  
 
(ii) co-operate  in promoting commercialization of technologies in the areas of eng ineering, 
environment , water and material science.  
 
All intellectual property held by either party prior to entering into t he MOU or disclosed or in troduced in 
connection with the  MOU and all materials in which such intellectual property is held, disclosed  or 
introduced shall remain the property of the party introducing or disclosing it. Subject thereto, the 
arrangements in relation to intellectual property shall be agreed separately for each programme of co -
operation.  
 
The MOU will be in force for a period  of five years  from the Effective Date , save that either party may 
terminate the MOU at any time by not less than twelve months’ notification to the other party in writing 
of its desire to terminate the MOU. The parties also agreed to jointly review the co llaboration 
envisaged by the MOU in the six months preceding the fifth anniversary of the Effective Date. The 
termination of the MOU shall not however, affect the continued implementation of the programmes 
established under it prior to such termination.  The MOU can also be extended in writing by mutual 
agreement of both parties.  
 
Shareholders of the Company and other investors should note that there is no assurance that  
definitive agreement (s) will be entered into between the parties in relation to the matters contemplated 
under the MOU , as the MOU is a non -binding expression of the intentions of the parties as at the 
Effective Date , save for specified clauses including, inter alia , clauses on intellectual property, 
confidentiality, the term of the MOU and d ispute resolution .   
 
Save for our independent director , Professor Yong Kwet Yew, who is Professor of Civil Engineering 
and Vice President of NUS , none of the Directors or substantial shareholders of the Company has any 
interest, direct or  indirect,  in the MOU . Professor  Yong Kwet Yew was not involved in giving any 
recommendation in respect of the MOU or in any discussions or negotiations leading to the signing of 
the MOU.  
 
 
 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD  
Dr Wang  Xiaoning  
Managing Director  
 
21 November  2008  
 
 
This announcement has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the 
Company’s Sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd., for compliance with the relevant 
rules of the SGX -ST. PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. h as not independently verified the 
contents of this announcement.  

Page 2:
 
TriTech
 TRITECH GROUP LIMITED  
 
 
(Company Registration No.: 200809330R)   
  
 
This announcement has not been examined or approved by the SGX -ST and the SGX -ST assumes 
no responsibility for the contents of this announcement including the correctness of any of the 
state ments or opinions made or reports contained in this announcement.  
 
The contact person for the Sponsor is Mr Mark Liew, Director, Corporate Finance, at 1 Raffles Place, 
#30-03 OUB Centre, Singapore 048616, telephone (65) 6229 80 88. 

